```
   _____ ____    __       ____                  _
  / ___// __ \  / /      / __ \____ ___________(_)___  ____ _
  \__ \/ / / / / /      / /_/ / __ `/ ___/ ___/ / __ \/ __ `/
 ___/ / /_/ / / /___   / ____/ /_/ / /  (__  ) / / / / /_/ /
/____/\___\_\/_____/  /_/    \__,_/_/  /____/_/_/ /_/\__, /
                                                    /____/
```

# A Compile Time Query Utility

This package is being created as part of a series of articles on Medium to
handle parsing, validating and issuing SQL queries against a variety of systems
while providing compile time validation of the SQL structure itself as well as
the underlying database schemas.

While the package is being developed as part of a series, I am trying my best to
ensure that it is functioning correctly and ready for actual use in projects as
a stable dependency. Supported functionality is roughly planned for each
article to ensure the ability to share learning opportunities for those who
might want to try this themselves or are just learning more about TypeScript. If
there is a specific feature that you would like to see implemented that is not
here, please feel free to file a feature request in this repository or [email
me](mailto:nathan@telefrek.com) with the details of your request and I can give
you an idea of the schedule or work on ways to get your feature moved up in the
timeline.

Any bugs that are found, please report them and I'll work on getting them
addressed as quickly as possible, just make sure to include information about
the reproduction steps (or create a PR with failing test is even better if
possible!). If you would like to contribute please reach out to me to work on
ways to help build this out while also working on the corresponding articles, or
after the series is completed any additional features, improvements, etc. can be
done through a PR that will be reviewed to ensure consistency in the package.
